OSDOCS-1199 Document control over X-Forwarded headers (#26325)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

**** `port` is the UDP port number of the syslog endpoint that receives log messages.
**** `facility` specifies the syslog facility of log messages. If this field is empty, the facility is `local1`. Otherwise, it must specify a valid syslog facility: `kern`, `user`, `mail`, `daemon`, `auth`, `syslog`, `lpr`, `news`, `uucp`, `cron`, `auth2`, `ftp`, `ntp`, `audit`, `alert`, `cron2`, `local0`, `local1`, `local2`, `local3`. `local4`, `local5`, `local6`, or `local7`.
** `httpLogFormat` specifies the format of the log message for an HTTP request. If this field is empty, log messages use the implementation's default HTTP log format. For HAProxy's default HTTP log format, see link:http://cbonte.github.io/haproxy-dconv/2.0/configuration.html#8.2.3[the HAProxy documentation].

|`httpHeaders`
|`httpHeaders` defines the policy for HTTP headers.

> `IngressControllerHTTPHeaders` `forwardedHeaderPolicy` specifies when and how the Ingress controller sets the `Forwarded`, `X-Forwarded-For`, `X-Forwarded-Host`, `X-Forwarded-Port`, `X-Forwarded-Proto`, and `X-Forwarded-Proto-Version` HTTP headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the `forwardedHeaderPolicy` for the `IngressControllerHTTPHeaders`, you specify when and how the Ingress controller sets the `Forwarded`, `X-Forwarded-For`, `X-Forwarded-Host`, `X-Forwarded-Port`, `X-Forwarded-Proto`, and `X-Forwarded-Proto-Version` HTTP headers.
```

By default, the policy is set to `Append`.

> `Append` specifies that the Ingress Controller appends the headers, preserving any existing headers.

Reviewer: I might turn this into a list.

`Replace` specifies that the Ingress Controller sets the headers, removing any existing headers.

`IfNone` specifies that the Ingress Controller sets the headers if they are not already set.

> `Never` specifies that the Ingress Controller sets the headers, preserving any existing headers.

Reviewer: s/sets/never sets ?
